Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
If you see a man approaching you with the obvious intention of doing you good, you should run for your life.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
The early bird catches the worm.
In life there are ups and downs.
All cats are grey in the dark.
Teach me how you do it.
No news is good news.
Wealth comes to those who make things happen, not to those who let things happen.
If you think education is expensive, wait till you see what ignorance costs you.
I was expecting it!
The world is divided into people who get things done, and people who get the credit.
I don't expect anything from you.
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.
There's no doubt.
There isn't any solution.
I didn't know he drank so much.
It's well done.
Do you want fruit juice?
He's a good person.
Enjoy your meal!
There's no love without jealousy.
There was not a bloody soul.
We are cut from the same cloth.
The walls have ears.
I've got a frog in my throat.
Make yourself at home.
Nothing great has been achieved by playing it safe.
In general, little is known about nonlinear second order differential equations.
At this stage there is still not a clear energy policy for bringing decentralised power to rural areas.
Why aren't you coming with us?
I can't say the opposite.
Don't listen to him, he's talking nonsense.
You can't get lost in big cities; there are maps everywhere!
We are sorry, the person you are trying to contact is not available.
I don't want it anymore.
He came several times.
We wonder why.
We must think about friends.
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.
We left by train.
I don't know if he would have done it for me.
Would you like to come?
I knew he would accept.
She would willingly come but she was on vacation.
I thought it was true.
This is the town I told you about.
This is the boy I think about.
He has been warned on several occasions.
I have to give back the book before Saturday.
Hi, I just wanted to let you know that the problem is fixed.
How can you have a laptop and not a cell phone?
I went to drink a beer with friends.
He jumped out the window.
Yesterday we had fun.
They quarreled.
I ate caviar.
He changed a lot since the last time.
This knife was very useful to me.
You took the wrong key.
I managed to get in.
How much is it?
I'll bring you the bill immediately.
Here is your change.
I'll pay by cheque.
Did you leave a tip?
Don't forget the ticket.
I'm sorry, I don't have change.
They don't even know why.
I want you to tell me the truth.
You arrived at the moment I left.
Muiriel likes to annoy me lately.
It's not serious, I don't bear him a grudge.
Who is coming with me?
I want to know who is coming with us.
On your feet, children!
I talked to friends.
This girl changed her look.
The film lasted 2 hours.
I'm glad to see you back.
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.
They will never accept; it's too far.
Her garden is a work of art.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius, doesn't it?
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.
For once in my life I'm doing a good deed... And it is useless.
You need not telephone me.
Brian repeatedly told Chris that he owed him a pretty large amount of money.
How dare you say such a thing to me?
You ask me to do the impossible.
I brought you a little something.
We have to take him to the hospital immediately; he is seriously injured!
Go and speak to my colleague.
Tell me about it!
Does it also work without registration?
In which folder did you save the file?
I heard a cotton candy shop has just opened. Let's go, dudes.
Maria has long hair.
I have to take medicine.
Please do not take photos here.
Nara is a quiet and beautiful city.
I'm taking a walk in a park.
My hobby is to listen to music.
If you are free, give me a hand.
I work even on Sunday.
He's not working much at the moment.
Where have you been?
Here comes the bride!
What have you been doing all this time!
It's been snowing all night.
It's been ten years since we last met.
If you don't want to stay alone, I can keep you company.
How come you know so much about Japanese history?
Could you turn on the light please?
She's selling drugs at concerts.
Turn right at the crossroad.
I buried my dog at the pet cemetery.
They forgot to lock the door.
Even plastic surgery won't do anything for your ugliness.
He was born on July 28th, 1888.
Will you listen to me for a few minutes?
If you will come this way...
How did your interview go?
He's moving in with his girlfriend.
I'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp.
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?
Could you do me a favour please?
No, I'm not mad at you, I'm just disappointed.
She is mad at me.
I can't believe my eyes.
I couldn't say when exactly in my life it occurred to me that I would be a pilot someday.
She has always done her best to make their life easier.
I've got mosquito bites all over my arm.
During winter I sleep with two blankets.
"Do you have any siblings?" "No, I'm an only child."
Her eyes were shining with joy.
You are to come with me.
You have to come with me.
Are you angry at what I said?
Can you justify the use of violence?
You are a busy man, so I will adjust myself to your schedule.
Can you do bookkeeping?
You have no sense of direction.
You must practice grammar.
You had better go to the infirmary.
You shouldn't do things by halves.
You should pay your rent in advance.
You must keep your room clean.
You must take off your hat in the room.
You are wavering.
Have you ever climbed Mt. Fuji?
Your undaunted spirit will carry you through.
You should take care of your sick mother.
You have to learn standard English.
Have you ever traveled in a plane?
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
You are idle to the bone.
Can you keep a secret?
Since you look tired, you had better take a rest.
You are tired, aren't you?
You needn't have seen him to the door.
You shouldn't look down on him.
You are selling him short.
You had better keep him at a respectful distance.
You must not look upon him as great.
You're required to help them.
All that you have to do is to wait for his reply.
You must take his age into account.
You must pay attention to his advice.
You should have accepted his advice.
You may as well follow his advice.
You may make use of his library.
All you have to do is follow his advice.
All that you have to do is to follow his advice.
You must allow for his youth.
You should have helped him with his work.
You must pay attention to him.
You ought to have adopted his plan.
You must make allowance for his lack of experience.
You had better blink at his eccentricities.
You should not play on his generous nature.
You had better not play on his generous nature.
You overestimate him.
You can depend on his help.
Did you accept his statement as true?
You should have told him the truth.
You should restore the money he lost to him.
You cannot expect much of him.
You should tell him the truth.
You had better tell him the truth.
You ought to ask him for advice.
Didn't you write a letter to him?
You need only ask him to pay the debt.
You told him that he should have a reward.
I don't think you can gain his ear.
You can trust him to keep his word.
I'm certain of your success.
What subject do you think he is interested in?
You must be a fool.
Can you ride a horse?
You can't ride a horse.
You will progress in proportion to your abilities.
You should work hard.
You must study hard.
You don't have a temperature.
You must not come in.
Need you work on Sunday?
You don't have to go to school on Sunday.
What do you usually do on Sundays?
Are you a Japanese student?
Do you keep a diary?
Do you know how to cook meat?
You could count to ten when you were two.
You could count to ten when you were two years old.
You work too hard.
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
You can't feel at ease with a headache.
You know the answer?
Do you live here?
You're giving me the same old line.
You are to apologize to her for it.
All you have to do is try your best.
You should have locked, or at least closed, all the doors.
You are a good student.
Can't you tell right from wrong?
You should distinguish between right and wrong.
You will have heard this story before.
Are you for the war or against it?
Do you believe war will start?
You should follow your teacher's advice.
You ought to ask for your teacher's permission.
You ran a red light.
You should swear on the Bible.
You must cultivate your mind.
Can you eat raw oysters?
You are made to be a poet.
You seem an honest man.
You seem to be an honest man.
You didn't have to dress.
You have to get this work finished by noon.
You are way off the track.
You had better take a little rest.
I think you'd better take a rest; you look ill.
You're going too far.
What do you want to do in the future?
You work hard.
You are free to go out.
You have a way with women.
You are welcome to do anything you like.
Did you do your homework by yourself?
I take it that you are fully acquainted with the facts.
You are too negligent of those around you.
You should give up drinking.
You should not resort to drinking.
You should give up drinking and smoking.
You ought not to have spent so much money on your hobby.
You have a light hand, don't you?
Since you like to write letters, why don't you drop her a line?
Are you writing a letter?
You needn't have gone to the trouble.
You are young. I, on the contrary, am very old.
You should pay back your debts.
You should pay your debts.
You should get your car fixed.
You had better have your car washed.
You had better not drive a car.
Can you drive a car?
You can drive a car, can't you?
You don't have to make an apology.
You should apologize.
Did you actually see the accident?
Don't set your failure down to bad luck.
You should acknowledge your failure.
You must work hard in order not to fail.
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.
Do you have a room of your own?
You should learn to restrain yourself.
You should be true to your friends.
You should be ashamed of your ignorance.
You should try to cut your way.
You must share your jobs with others.
You should attend to your own business.
You must account for your conduct.
You'll have to answer for your behavior.
You are responsible for what you do.
You should be responsible for your actions.
You should be ashamed of your conduct.
You can't afford to neglect your health.
You are at liberty to make use of this room in any way you please.
You must perform your duty.
You are responsible for what you have done.
You must do it yourself.
Are you sure of your facts?
You must admit that you are in the wrong.
You should have introduced yourself.
You must control yourself.
You ought to get to work on time.
You should look after the children from time to time.
There is need for improvement in your handwriting.
You write a very good hand.
You must face the facts.
You ought to see a dentist.
You must employ your capital well.
You may as well prepare for your examination.
You should study hard so that you can pass the examination.
You are expected to pass the exam.
You may laugh at me.
You do me wrong.
You can number me among your friends.
What on earth did you take me for?
You need not have helped my son with his homework.
You may use my new car.
You must do as I tell you.
You are to do as I tell you.
You are welcome to the use of my yacht.
You have no claim on me.
I wish you had told me the truth.
You should have told me the truth.
You lied to me, didn't you?
I think you had better stay with us.
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?
I advise you to be careful in making notes for the lecture.
All you have to do is do your best.
You should carry out his offer.
You must do your best.
You should be ready for the worst.
You can get in touch with him at his home tonight.
You had better not see her now.
You look happy today.
You have a little fever today, don't you?
It would be better for you to stay in bed today.
You look pale today.
You'd better not go out today.
You must not go out today.
You had better not see her today.
You look very charming today.
You're coming with us now.
Can you get by on your wages?
You'd better start now.
Are you a senior high school student?
You may go or stay at will.
You'd better not go.
You may go anywhere.
What time are you going on duty?
What time will you get to the station?
How many books do you have?
What are you looking for?
What are you looking at?
What do you learn?
What do you intend to do?
You have put everything out of order.
What do you want to be?
What will you have?
You will have your own way.
What woke you up?
You want to have a finger in every pie, don't you?
What did you come here so early for?
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.
Please let me know what you want.
What do you like?
What do you want now?
You seem to be thinking of something else.
Do you belong to any clubs?
Do you love music?
You really have an ear for music.
You are not a coward.
You dropped your pencil.
Do you have any pencils?
First, you have to stop smoking.
It is necessary for you to stop smoking.
Do you study English?
All you have to do is try hard to master English.
Did you try to review the English lessons?
Can you make yourself understood in English?
You can't speak English, can you?
He asked me if I could speak English.
You can speak English well, can you not?
You can swim, can't you?
Can you swim?
You can't swim, can you?
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.
You're still too young to get a driver's license.
You're in luck. The plane is on time.
You are tallest.
You must not tell a lie.
What are you driving at?
Did you read it at all?
Now that you have come of age, you should be responsible for what you do.
Now you've come of age, you have the right to vote.
You must go to bed now.
You had better go to bed now.
You should have come a little earlier.
You must get up a little earlier.
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil.
You must be less impatient.
You had better stay here a little longer.
Have you finished doing your homework yet?
Have you done all your homework?
Now that you have passed your test, you can drive on your own.
You are not a child any more.
You failed to wake Harry up.
You'd better go by bus.
You must put an end to your foolish behavior.
You should practice playing the violin every day.
It appears that you have made a foolish mistake.
You have to go to the party.
How long did it take you to drive from here to Tokyo?
You had better get away from here at once.
You've drunk three cups of coffee.
Have you had any experience with this kind of work?
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.
You must be mentally exhausted.
You'll certainly pass the coming exam.
Where are you from in Canada?
Since you have a cold, you must not go out.
You ought to have taken your father's advice.
You ought to take your father's advice.
You may as well follow your father's advice.
Have you visited the town where your father was born?
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it.
You should apologize to Dad for not coming home in time for supper.
Have you ever visited the office where your father works?
You look just like your big brother.
You haven't any money.
Haven't you got any money?
Aren't you happy?
You have done very well.
You're starting to warm up now.
You are now among the elite.
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave.
Do you like fish?
I got to know him when I was a student.
Could you please call him into the meeting?
What time does this train reach Yokohama?
What a fine day it is!
Let's get out of the rain.
Do you go to school by bus on a rainy day?
What were you doing when it began to rain?
What on earth are you doing in my room?
Can I have a bite?
May I ask you to do me a favor?
Do you have any rock CDs?
If you can't keep your promise, what excuse will you make?
If you are to do it, you must make a good start.
Should he be given another chance, he would do his best.
Can I bring you anything else?
Why don't you put your best foot forward?
How formal is this ceremony?
How are you getting along?
When does Tony study?
Do me the favor of coming.
How comes it that you were there?
Will you open the door?
What is that building whose door is painted white?
Don't repeat such a careless mistake.
And what do you do?
The peak rises above the clouds.
Does that include everything?
Didn't you visit the park?
The rule holds good in this case.
Will Jane sing?
Can you tell Jane from her twin sister?
I'm still alive, and that's the main thing, Father says.
A computer can calculate very rapidly.
May I use this?
Where would you like me to put this?
May I borrow this book?
Will this road take me to the station?
Is this your first visit to this town?
Will you tell me how to sing this song?
Here is your key.
Would you like another cup of coffee?
What a feast we had when we visited my aunt!
What in the world are you doing?
May I ask some questions?
Do I have to fix up to go to their house?
What did you do with your camera?
Will you lend me your pencil?
Shall I get some for you?
Will you show me your album?
I was busy packing, because I was leaving for France in two days.
I was appointed to section chief.
I have put aside one fourth of my salary for the last three years.
I got bitten by mosquitoes.
I shut the window to keep the mosquitoes out.
I like to take my pad and pencil and drive to the seashore to sketch.
I told the news to everyone I met.
I presented myself at the meeting.
I suggest that the meeting be postponed.
I was absent from the meeting.
I had an awful time at the conference.
I ventured to say my opinion at the conference.
My proposal was turned down in the conference.
I was not present at that meeting.
I left home early so I'd be on time for the meeting.
I got up early in order to attend the meeting.
I was late for the meeting with the result that I missed the most important part.
I forgot the date of the meeting.
I'll attend the meeting.
I was asked to buy some cakes on the way home from the office.
I've given my best for the company.
I traveled in the interest of my company.
I want to be at the top of the company.
I am an office worker.
I'm a company man - an ordinary salaried office worker.
I don't have a decryption program.
I must think over the matter before giving my answer.
I didn't have time to recover before I came down with another horrible cold.
I found the broken doll mended by somebody.
I want to live in comfort.
I want to bathe in the sea.
I spent my vacation at the beach.
I went swimming in the sea.
I looked down at the sea.
There's nothing I can do but give up the idea of going abroad.
I am working in the Overseas Operations Division.
I was envious of the students who had studied abroad.
While living near the beach, I often enjoyed swimming.
I went into the navy.
I am anticipating a good vacation at the seaside.
I'd like you to be more punctual.
I showed genius in painting.
I wish to go to Paris to study art.
I can't draw, but my sister is a great artist.
I am poor at drawing.
I like to draw pictures.
I would like to draw.
I never try to go to there.
You'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam.
Will you give me a ride?
Do you have a course for beginners?
Can't you just picture Ed in woman's disguise?
I felt my heart pound after running a little.
You seem to have gained some weight.
Would you mind waiting a moment?
I hadn't waited long before he came along.
If you hold on a moment, I will get Jane on the phone.
Hold on a minute, please.
Won't you take something off this price?
Having a slight headache, I went to bed early.
I have a slight headache.
Where's the newspaper?
Do not always ride on someone's coat-tail.
What else do you want?
Can someone take our picture?
Whoever calls, tell him I'm out.
Can you give me directions to the subway station?
My little brother says that he had a dreadful dream last night.
An iron curtain has descended across the Continent.
The atomic number of iron is 26.
Iron is hard.
Iron is a metal with many uses.
Iron is tempered by heating and sudden cooling.
Iron transmits heat well.
Iron and oxygen are elements.
An iron bridge was built across the river.
I walked along the river until I got to the iron bridge.
One of the qualities of steel is hardness.
Steel is a key industry.
Steel output set a record for two consecutive years.
There's a big fly on the ceiling.
There is a lamp on the ceiling.
Can you reach the ceiling?
If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
You might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling.
In clear weather, we can see the island from here.
As it is fine, I'll go out.
I hope the weather stays this way.
It is lucky that the weather should be so nice.
It is fortunate that the weather is so nice.
He is but a fair weather friend.
Could you put your seat back up a little?
What is the matter with him?
How fast he runs!
He must have studied English hard.
What time did he ask for your response?
He has been writing poems since this morning.
Ought he to be forced out of the presidency?
They like to play in the snow.
Could you show me another one, please?
Could you exchange it with another one?
Be sure and call me tonight.
If you were to quit your job, what would you do?
If a tiger should come out of the cage, what would you do?
Can you tell if it will rain tomorrow?
Don't fail to come here by the appointed time.
Shall I cook dinner for you?
Let's go dancing, shall we?
If you cut class or something...it wouldn't surprise you if it showed up on your report card, would it?
I'm photographing the woman.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
The same energy of character which renders a man a daring villain would have rendered him useful to society, had that society been well organized.
I've lost about 80 cents.
Are we having company tonight?
How can I get to gate A-1?
How many are in your party?
With whom am I speaking?
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.
Aren't you tired?
I came here yesterday.
I'll do it if they pay me.
He bailed on us just when we needed him.
Care for a smoke?
Where are you working?
If it must be that way, so be it.
When will it be good?
Do you have a solution?
Have you recently taken a trip anywhere?
What's the name of my doctor?
Where can I mail these letters?
Which sports do you like?
If my mother had still been alive, she would have helped me at that time.
My printer's black ink is defective; it bleeds across the page if I touch it with my finger.
Don't ask her out, demand her out!
Did you just get to know him?
Nobody saw the bird fly.
Let's sit down on this bench.
Have you ever had a stillbirth?
She came to my defence when I was accused of plagiarism.
He's a little on edge today. I wouldn't rattle his cage if I were you.
The painting looks great, but you hung it a little crooked.
Can I stay with you? I was kicked out of my house because I didn't pay the rent.
Do you have a points card?
Aren't they on the sea during the night?
Which endings does this verb have in the present tense?
How much do these black pants and red shirts cost?
How could this happen? I thought you were on the pill.
What's your favorite thing about Hawaii?
What's your favorite snack food?
What is it about?
Don't worry. You can confide in me.
Are you seriously thinking about not going?
Do you feel birthdays are important?
What do the prisoners eat?
What did you do this week?
What don't you know?!
I want to know how he planned this.
Where was Tom when the fire broke out?
What am I supposed to do if Tom comes?
Tom, could you keep an eye on the kids?
Don't let the dog inside.
How much time do we have?
You can use my car if you drive carefully.
What are the men doing?
It goes without saying that he will come to the discussion.
Where can I find them?
Can I see you a moment?
They did not listen.
Do you want me to teach you some swear words?
This is the first time I've ever needed help.
Have you tried it before?
Have your ever followed the White Rabbit to its hole?
Have you ever swallowed an apricot pit?
When was the last time you drank this?
When will you go to Germany?
How do you want to be polite with people like him?
Don't waste your pocket money.
How many countries are members of the United Nations?
How many statues are there in this temple?
Can you remember that last time you ate ravioli?
Don't admit anything.
Don't just stand there. Call security.
Where did you breast-feed them?
Where did you program them?
Have you ever been married?
Could you make sure Tom does his homework?
Why should I hire you?
May I assist you?
Tom didn't even have the decency to admit it was his fault.
I can't just turn my back on Tom.
Did he say that?
What did he see?
This is my last review.
I want to know who did that.
So, where do you want to do this?
Don't tell me if you don't want to.
Do you really want to dance with me?
What makes you think I want a new oboe?
You look very beautiful tonight.
What's keeping you so busy?
Why won't you play with me?
Could you lend me your pink pen, please?
For a bribe, a traffic policeman agreed not to take away a driver's license.
There are many webs within the World Wide Web. Rings are obvious. Less apparent are webs of server farms, which are in effect distributed Web sites.
Tunneling and secure protocols--like IPsec--permit the creation of effectively isolated nets within the Net: internets within the Internet.
A web site may be created in an intranet, a local or private cloud, or a virtual private network. A Web site is for the world.
Nod your head if you understand.
Have you not learned to respect others?
Semantic equivalence is protean as well as fuzzy: what hoi polloi find equivalent may to cognoscenti be quite distinct.
The impolite words that pepper many Americans' speech should be seen as intensifiers; and the macro effect of their spread, as a kind of linguistic inflation.
Have you ever tried not being rude to people?
In America a crude expression for "The device has failed" is "It shit the bed."
Be punctual.
Do you refer to me?
You've invited your friends as well?
What time is it there now?
Why don't you give me a break?
Show me the picture.
Are you embarrassed?
Can you cancel?
Can you help?
Don't hurt anybody.
It isn't locked.
Don't give me that crap!
Who's giving the main speech?
What comes next?
Who lost it?
Will you be at home this afternoon?
Would you step aside?
They shoot horses, don't they?
Why didn't you call me?
You didn't think I'd notice, did you?
Don't worry. Everything will be fine.
I couldn't think of anything else I wanted to buy.
What would you want to drink?
Why did you volunteer to do this?
Can you come tomorrow?
Hi. How are you called?
Tom doesn't like people to know that he can't speak French well.
Is French pronunciation difficult?
Have you been there?
May I have the floor?
The culture was completely different from the one she was used to.
He had bought a dog.
How many months can you stay here?
"Has anybody called the police?" "I have."
Do you know the story of Hansel and Gretel?
Why am I so sleepy?
Are you calling me stupid?
Do you believe in guiding stars?
When do you think the Philippines will host the Olympic Games?
If you want it, you can have it.
Tom doesn't have any close friends.
Is it dangerous to go out for walks at night?
Can I help you somehow?
If I'd known the truth, I would've told it to you.
Do you think Tom is handsome?
You quit your job, didn't you?
What would you suggest that I do?
What made you say that?
Are you going to come?
When can you leave?
What's that, buddy?
Do you want to learn English?
Hey, where did Tom go?
How can you say that to me?
Write your surname on the fourth line.
Do you know of a dish that has laurel leaves in it?
How many years has Tom lived in Boston?
I met my boyfriend there.
If we didn't satisfy your expectations, that's your problem.
And what if he rejects me?
Can you protect me?
Do you have identification?
Do you think Tom can speak French?
It would be good if Tom did a little more exercise.
You can understand French, right?
Can he come too?
Would you mind if I ask you a few questions?
Is it OK if I go over to Tom's house to play?
Would you fancy a game of Japanese chess?
I'd like to see more of you.
You went to Boston, right?
Who's the person Tom went to Boston to help?
Tom does have a certain charm, doesn't he?
Did you really think I didn't know?
You're students, aren't you?
Did any of the other club members complain about Tom?
Can't you see we're on a break?
Can we stay here?
Can you miss the present moment?
Would you please take me home?
You're going to be bored if you go.
Have you ever read the New Testament?
Could you tell us what happened next?
We ate at a restaurant just outside Boston.
Do you think Tom will buy it?
Who gave that order?
When I give an order, I expect it to be followed.
Could you give me just a moment?
Did Tom say where Mary might be?
Why would anyone dye their hair pink?
Tom seemed somewhat annoyed by that.
Do you think you're handsome?
Have you tried taking a sleeping pill?
"Do you enjoy seeing people blush, Tom?" "I'm not denying it."
Tom, may I speak with you?
I think Tom really likes me.
I don't suppose you'd still have last Saturday's paper?
How can we contact you?
Have you had any lunch?
Would you mind not talking about your surgery now - I'm trying to eat.
Tom told me you had stopped by.
Can you tell us what Tom did?
Did you tell Tom I was having trouble?
Could you tell us more about yourself?
Has anyone ever told you that you have beautiful eyes?
Do you know how fast you were going?
Is this your first convention?
Who is going to coordinate our activity if we don't do it for ourselves?
Predicting the future isn't always prudent.
Were you surprised to see Tom?
Do you believe in the power of love?
Can I chat with you outside for a second?
Can you give me a lift to the train station?
Who took care of you?
Tom is a troublemaker, isn't he?
Tom is rude, isn't he?
Tom is quite observant, isn't he?
May I call you back?
Tom asked me if he could borrow my car.
Am I still in charge here?
Did Tom say that I said that?
Tom says he's sorry about what happened yesterday.
If the opposition were to win, it would not entail a radical departure from current policies.
Can you spare a few minutes?
Do you believe in evolution?
People usually die if you kill them.
Tom didn't know if it would be worth his while applying for the job.
Why is everybody laughing?
Tom took her by the arm and led her out on the dance floor.
Do you want to tag along?
Can you tell me where you were at the time of the murder?
Columbus claimed the Earth was round.
Tom is pretty good at singing.
Tom wouldn't have married Mary if he'd known she had spent time in prison.
May I have the menu and the wine list?
Was this man threatening you?
Does she have an opinion about this?
What's the matter, love?
I couldn't tell you the truth.
Even Tom grinned.
I'm calling to see if you'd be interested in going to Boston with me next week.
Remind me to thank Tom the next time I see him.
There are more of those in the drawer.
Are you really sure?
Did you forget that again?
Is Tom still asleep?
Why don't you eat meat?
How did you like the food at that restaurant?
You can do this, can't you?
What is that, Tom? It sounds like someone crying.
Are we really in 2015?
Have you made a list yet?
Why did you poison Tom?
Tom probably thought I was thirsty.
Do you really want that?
Tell me if it isn't so.
Are you ready to proceed?
Don't throw away your notes.
Could I just have a minute?
Why won't you look at me?
Has Tom been fighting with Mary?
Would you help me move these beer kegs.
How large was it?
Do you not want me here?
What's Tom running from?
What do you need me for?
How soon can you get that done?
What else could Tom do?
Who published this book?
Tom didn't mention where he'd been.
The earthquake left the city looking like a war zone.
How do skunks scream?
Would you mind if I helped?
Why aren't you with them?
May I speak with her?
Can I go with him?
I happen to agree with you.
What do you want them for?
Will you tell her?
Why should I tell them?
How can I stop him?
Did you show her your pictures?
I didn't say I persuaded them.
Can you make them smile?
What made you so mad?
Don't let him cross the street.
Let's let them try that again.
Why did they fire her?
Who's the person in charge?
The future belongs to the few among us who are still willing to get their hands dirty.
Tom wants to borrow my car tomorrow.
Where did you get these delicious apples?
Where should we hide?
Do you ask me of all people.
If your wife cheated on you, thank God she only cheated on you and did not betray the country.
Do you skip breakfast in the mornings?
Hi, my dear, my darling, my honey, my destiny. How was your day?
Who isn't here?
What are you doing here? Why aren't you home?
Don't believe everything you hear! Don't like everything you see! Don't say everything you know! Don't do everything you want!
What were your favorite subjects in school?
Who is that guy, anyway?
Tom was very jealous.
What do people expect?
What were they eating?
Can you help out?
Your children love you.
Is it simple enough?
Would you trust them?
Do you know the difference between twill and corduroy?
I updated my software.
Did you offer Tom any assistance?
Do you keep in touch with Tom?
Why do you hang out with Tom?
Is this really allowed?
Do you like noodles with beef?
Can you prove which was the original language of your holy writings?
Mary chewed on her nails.
I wanted to go to Boston with Tom, but he said he didn't want to go with me.
Tom can study in my office if he wants to.
I couldn't sleep on the plane.
When did you buy this bicycle?
Tom deserves a raise.
Do not do this!
I'll find the money somehow.
Are you the runner who escaped the underground city?
Is Tom a nice guy?
Have you ever seen one?
What's wrong with this plan?
Pray, of what land or lineage should I rightly call you?
I wish you wouldn't drive so fast.
Can you explain how Tom died?
Can you jump rope?
Aren't cookies delicious?
Why would you say such an awful thing?
Did you like the show?
She was the last guest.
The man stole my purse.
What do you want to see in Boston?
Are you afraid of losing your money?
If the devil is powerless, he sends his wife.
You understand why, don't you?
Tom tiptoed into the bedroom to avoid waking up his wife.
How dare you call me poor?
This song makes me homesick.
Where is the next shop?
I got a little upset over it.
Is it always hot like this?
My brother helps me with my homework sometimes.
Who built this thing, anyway?
Can they compete next year?
We've got a real good car.
What good are you people?
Do you have five dollars?
It must've been destiny.
Was that the only time?
Do you have cellulite?
Are you my mommy?
We cannot escape the prospect of nuclear war unless we all commit to stopping the spread of nuclear weapons and pursuing a world without them.
Could she be Tom's daughter?
You flew all the way to Australia to tell me you hate Boston?
When Tom was a boy, he lived near a swamp and created his own zoo.
How did you persuade Tom to help us?
How dare you treat me like a criminal!
What do you usually do on Friday night?
Did Tom really tell Mary not to come here tomorrow?
Would you like to play with us, Jim?
Tom insulted me.
The air in this city is very polluted.
We are all sinners.
How much is that VR headset?
You can't do that by yourself, can you?
Did Tom figure that out by himself?
Do you think that's wrong?
Who's going to do that?
Why didn't you answer your cell phone?
Do you know why I need to do that?
Don't you want us to do something about that?
Are you sure this isn't some kind of mistake?
How much will Tom pay you to do that?
The CFM56s used on 737s have been in service for about five years .
The set for this first staged presentation was a cutaway two-story house by Michael Anania .
`` It seems we 're a patsy for somebody , does n't it ?
When federal regulations changed in 1985 from one layer of clay and plastic to two , earlier burial cells were not retrofitted .
`` As technology progresses , we adopt it , '' said GSX Vice President Roger Davis .
Ms. Shamir said in an interview: `` When I sat opposite the television last January , and they started showing me what was happening , I could n't sleep nights .
`` Have we forgotten our children were killed , too ? ''
... With the stones , we get rid of the enemy . ''
Rather , he asked a question: `` Are we doing a good enough job teaching our children what America is and what she represents in the long history of the world ? ''
Do n't wait -- a savings institution needs your help now !
U.S. District Judge Gerhard Gesell is expected to act on Walsh 's request this week .
`` The enthusiasm was just overwhelming .
The president 's bowl rests on a 14-pound , beveled , lead glass plinth , or flat base .
`` We try very hard to keep some of the hotels in a decent state so the foreign investors can come in .
Let 's just take that .
`` Now it 's different .
They have to worry about marketing , everything , just like any other businessman . ''
`` If there is no political solution now , Vietnam will withdraw all its troops in 1990 .
Bush bailed out over the water but his two crew members were lost .
`` Is there something rotten in the kingdom of museums ? ''
Congressmen , teachers , and Saudi princes will no longer be invited by NASA to be passengers on the space shuttle under a new policy that emphasizes completing the recovery from the Challenger accident in which two non-astronauts were killed .
When the shuttle does begin flying non-essential passengers again , NASA said , a teacher will be the first .
`` Give me a wand ?
If I have any confessions to make , I will make them to a priest .
According to an account in the New Republic last May 23 , Bennett repeatedly urged the Pentagon and then-Attorney General Edwin Meese to unleash the U.S. military against foreign drug traffickers .
Catching up with commercial competitors in retail banking and financial services , they argue , will be difficult , particularly if market conditions turn sour .
But the bank 's retail activities in Latin America are likely to be cut back .
Saturday , he amended his remarks to say that he would continue to abide by the cease-fire if the U.S. ends its financial support for the Contras .
Lodestar Group said it will make a $6-a-share offer for the remaining Kinder-Care Learning Center common stock if it acquires a majority of the company 's shares in a pending rights offering by Kinder-Care Learning Center 's parent , Kinder-Care Inc .
The company said losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California have n't yet been determined , but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 1,400 properties in the stricken area .
But what kind of initiative can you expect given the climate set by Congress ?
What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ?
Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning: You have the right to conceal your coup intentions , because we may rat on you .
In other words , Congress wo n't let the CIA do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the CIA .
Who wants to end up as the protagonist in a Bill Cohen morality play ?
" That means that if the offense deals with one part of the business , you do n't attempt to seize the whole business ; you attempt to seize assets related to the crime , " he explained .
" If true , " the court wrote , " this contention would justify dismissal of these actions on prudential grounds . "
If I sell now , I 'll take a big loss . "
When the little guy gets frightened , the big guys hurt badly .
When the uniformed men had finished killing Cecilio , they went back to his house to demand food and his weapon .
The cases in Lolotique and Piedra Luna , a village of a dozen households 90 miles east of San Salvador , are not unique .
When the guerrillas kill civilians , they usually announce it on their clandestine Radio Venceremos .
When a U.S. ambassador sat down with a PLO delegation for the first official meeting in 13 years , Sweden scored a triumph for a foreign policy variously described as magnanimous or meddlesome .
Where we have a contribution to make , we do all we can .
Some have been jailed since the first years after the 1959 revolution .
The herbicide contains the highly toxic chemical dioxin .
Because tritium decays at a rate of 5.5 percent a year , it needs to be regularly replenished to keep warheads at peak explosive power .
1989 has begun for Soviets with Mikhail S. Gorbachev warning them not to expect `` manna from heaven '' and a multitude of signs - from barren shop shelves to astrology - heralding another hard year in the building of communism .
According to Radio Moscow , enterprises that account for 60 percent of Soviet industrial output have been on `` self-accounting '' since January 1988 .
`` Stocks of barley and oats would tend to build modestly if production returns to normal , and prices probably will fall . ''
Soghum output `` is likely to rebound '' this year if yields are normal , although total use may continue to exceed production , Hull said .
What would you do ? ''
What does the future hold ?
On Wednesday , two American F-14s shot down two Libyan jet fighters .
Mrs. Ryder was the widow of Melvin Ryder , who in 1940 founded the Army Times , and she had been in the management of the company from its inception .
`` Maybe this time he will finally get it straight: Whenever he threatens American forces , we will defend ourselves . ''
When he reached for his gun , the men shot him in the thigh , police said .
`` But I do n't know if they will be actually sons and daughters .
The only nation that so far seems unaffected by the East European travel boom is Romania , whose 23 million citizens have scarce opportunity to journey abroad .
`` I 'd forgotten the taste . ''
`` We cannot do this with smoke and mirrors , '' FDA Commissioner Frank E. Young on Wednesday told a panel of researchers looking for ways to speed approval of drugs for treating cancer and AIDS .
Young said the FDA is receiving an average of 10 applications each month requesting permission to begin clinical trials for a new drug , the first step in getting the drug approved for prescription use by the public .
The monthly total has doubled every year since 1984 , he said .
Unless the agency gets more staff , `` the whole ship is going to sink , '' Young said after his presentation .
Young defended his agency 's record against criticism from government cancer researchers that the FDA is slow in approving new drugs that offer hope of prolonging the lives of cancer and AIDS sufferers .
`` Certainly , there will be honest disagreements and inadvertent delays , '' he said .
The FDA 's review time for 12 important cancer drugs approved in recent years averaged just over 10 months , he said .
The only drug so far approved for AIDS patients , AZT , was approved in 107 days , he said .
Goddard said Bush could demonstrate a commitment to a partnership with cities if he consults local officials , sets up a mechanism to consider the impact of agencies ' actions and regulations on municipalities , evaluates approaches cities have found successful in dealing with their problems and does n't rule out spending new funds in critical areas .
Affadavits showed that Parkin , Berlin and Savaides had planned at one time to divide $150,000 from Teledyne .
She did not have details of the inmates ' injuries .
When he first was diagnosed as retarded , he was 9 . ''
His whereabouts were unknown until he applied for refugee status in Montreal sometime before Jan. 1 , claiming that his life would be in danger if he was forced to return to the Soviet Union , the Canadian Broadcast Corp. reported .
Official trade unions have pledged to strike and mount other protests if wage and social reforms fail to offset price increases planned by the government , a union newspaper said Saturday .
The only fire house in the rural community was destroyed and the only school was heavily damaged , according to Grounds .
Budget deadlines set by law come and go with no real consequences if they are missed .
Early last year , the city agreed to buy power wholesale from the Canton-based Ohio Power Co. at 3.1 cents per kilowatt hour .
Police in the county of Derbyshire reported several bodies scattered on each side of the highway .
The cockpit with a large chunk of fuselage came to rest in thick brambles and trees near the top of the embankment .
Both parties operate unofficially in Hong Kong .
If the debts are repaid , it could clear the way for Soviet bonds to be sold in the U.S .
`` People wondered , ` If you spin up the pulsar with a companion , where is the companion ? ' '' said Fruchter .
`` ... He threatened that he would kill John Holmes ' family and he would kill him if he did n't take him to the home of the people who robbed him . ''
`` Did he say he had the murders done ? ''
In Vienna , a deal was struck between Turkey and the Soviet Union .
One top adviser who turned down an offer of a White House job after weeks of agonizing was pollster Robert M. Teeter , who informed Bush that for personal and family considerations he preferred to remain in Michigan .
`` It 's a program we 've run a winning national campaign on , a program ratified in the light of intense national examination . ''
`` What we need to know before Congress can go to work is what George Bush wants in his defense budget .
Revenue rose 42% to $133.7 million from $94 million .
It said all refugee boats were permitted to land and that arrivals were taken to a special camp in cooperation with the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees .
The shooting came a month after Contorno testified before Italian magistrates , who questioned him in the United States to prepare another mass Mafia trial .
Last month , Italy 's state television broadcast an interview with Contorno that was conducted at an undisclosed location in the United States .
If by that he meant women , so far , he has fallen short .
The previous record was $10 million , he said .
`` If I thought this would make it difficult for the family , I would n't do it , '' he said .
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
What is Spumante ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
What does the word LASER mean ?
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
What is the executor in a will ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
Name a Gaelic language .
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
How can I find online spelling ?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
What does gringo mean ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
Name a tiger that is extinct .
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
Where can I find information on George Bush ?
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
What does 7847+5943 equal ?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
How can I find out my biorhythm ?
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
When was the first flush toilet invented ?
What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
Name a civil war battlefield .
How far can you see ?
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
What is AFS ?
Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
What is a fear of shadows ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
Define cosmology .
Name an art gallery in New York .
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
How does a hurricane form ?
What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
Name a female figure skater .
Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .
What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
Who invented the lawnmower ?
Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
How can you define time ?
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
How can I get someone 's email address ?
Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .
Name a flying mammal .
How do you say 2 in Latin ?
Name four comic strips about pilots .
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
Who wrote The Collector ?
Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
What 's a Craps player called ?
Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
Describe the Long March .
Produced by An Anonymous Volunteer
" Ah , your pardon , " said Albert , turning round ; " will you allow me , captain ? "
And he lighted his cigar at Vampa 's torch .
" Now , my dear count , " he said , " let us on with all the speed we may .
I am enormously anxious to finish my night at the Duke of Bracciano 's . "
They found the carriage where they had left it .
The count said a word in Arabic to Ali , and the horses went on at great speed .
It was just two o'clock by Albert 's watch when the two friends entered into the dancing-room .
Their return was quite an event , but as they entered together , all uneasiness on Albert 's account ceased instantly .
And as at this moment the orchestra gave the signal for the waltz , Albert put his arm round the waist of the countess , and disappeared with her in the whirl of dancers .
In the meanwhile Franz was considering the singular shudder that had passed over the Count of Monte Cristo at the moment when he had been , in some sort , forced to give his hand to Albert .
The Rendezvous
Franz , who seemed attracted by some invisible influence towards the count , in which terror was strangely mingled , felt an extreme reluctance to permit his friend to be exposed alone to the singular fascination that this mysterious personage seemed to exercise over him , and therefore made no objection to Albert 's request , but at once accompanied him to the desired spot , and , after a short delay , the count joined them in the salon .
" My very good friend and excellent neighbor , " replied the count , with a smile , " you really exaggerate my trifling exertions .
" Ah , you see ---- "
" You are a great almsgiver , " said the visitor , " and although you are said to be rich , I will venture to offer you something for your poor people ; will you accept my offering ? "
I saw a white figure , and as if to prevent my discrediting the testimony of only one of my senses , I heard my glass removed--the same which is there now on the table . "
" How can I tell you ? "
" Yes , your excellency . "
Andrea had expressed a wish to be thus addressed .
" But , " continued the porter , " he would not take them . "
Andrea turned pale , but as it was dark his pallor was not perceptible .
" What ? he would not take them ? " said he with slight emotion .
" No , he wished to speak to your excellency ; I told him you were gone out , and after some dispute he believed me and gave me this letter , which he had brought with him already sealed . "
" Give it me , " said Andrea , and he read by the light of his carriage - lamp :
"' You know where I live ; I expect you tomorrow morning at nine o'clock . ' "
" Very well , " said he .
" Poor man , he is a worthy creature . "
" Take out the horses quickly , and come up to me , " said Andrea to his groom .
In two seconds the young man had reached his room and burnt Caderousse 's letter .
The servant entered just as he had finished .
" You are about my height , Pierre , " said he .
" I have that honor , your excellency . "
" You had a new livery yesterday ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" If they should arrest him ( I know that sometimes prisons afford means of escape ), will you leave him in prison ? "
All they would do was to give me a loaded pistol lest we were attacked , and to promise to have horses ready saddled in case we were pursued on our return , while one lad was to ride forward to the doctor 's in search of armed assistance .
The hot blood was running over my back and chest .
The dirk , where it had pinned my shoulder to the mast , seemed to burn like a hot iron ; yet it was not so much these real sufferings that distressed me , for these , it seemed to me , I could bear without a murmur ; it was the horror I had upon my mind of falling from the cross-trees into that still green water , beside the body of the coxswain .
I clung with both hands till my nails ached , and I shut my eyes as if to cover up the peril .
Gradually my mind came back again , my pulses quieted down to a more natural time , and I was once more in possession of myself .
Oddly enough , that very shudder did the business .
These last I broke through with a sudden jerk , and then regained the deck by the starboard shrouds .
Then I looked around me , and as the ship was now , in a sense , my own , I began to think of clearing it from its last passenger--the dead man , O'Brien .
He had pitched , as I have said , against the bulwarks , where he lay like some horrible , ungainly sort of puppet , life-size , indeed , but how different from life 's colour or life 's comeliness !
In that position I could easily have my way with him , and as the habit of tragical adventures had worn off almost all my terror for the dead , I took him by the waist as if he had been a sack of bran and with one good heave , tumbled him overboard .
There he lay , with that bald head across the knees of the man who had killed him and the quick fishes steering to and fro over both .
I was now alone upon the ship ; the tide had just turned .
' Who 's that ? ' says one .
Castruccio was received in great honour by Frederick , and many privileges were conferred upon him , and he was appointed the emperor 's lieutenant in Tuscany .
Now , can you tell me whether it is actually true that Mr. Rochester has asked you to marry him ?
Miss Oliver already honoured me with frequent visits to my cottage .
I had learnt her whole character , which was without mystery or disguise : she was coquettish but not heartless ; exacting , but not worthlessly selfish .
She had been indulged from her birth , but was not absolutely spoilt .
She was hasty , but good-humoured ; vain ( she could not help it , when every glance in the glass showed her such a flush of loveliness ), but not affected ; liberal-handed ; innocent of the pride of wealth ; ingenuous ; sufficiently intelligent ; gay , lively , and unthinking : she was very charming , in short , even to a cool observer of her own sex like me ; but she was not profoundly interesting or thoroughly impressive .
She had taken an amiable caprice to me .
I was , however , good , clever , composed , and firm , like him .
I was a _lusus naturae_ , she affirmed , as a village schoolmistress : she was sure my previous history , if known , would make a delightful romance .
One evening , while , with her usual child-like activity , and thoughtless yet not offensive inquisitiveness , she was rummaging the cupboard and the table-drawer of my little kitchen , she discovered first two French books , a volume of Schiller , a German grammar and dictionary , and then my drawing-materials and some sketches , including a pencil-head of a pretty little cherub-like girl , one of my scholars , and sundry views from nature , taken in the Vale of Morton and on the surrounding moors .
She was first transfixed with surprise , and then electrified with delight .
" Had I done these pictures ?
Did I know French and German ?
What a love--what a miracle I was !
" With pleasure , " I replied ; and I felt a thrill of artist-delight at the idea of copying from so perfect and radiant a model .
She had then on a dark-blue silk dress ; her arms and her neck were bare ; her only ornament was her chestnut tresses , which waved over her shoulders with all the wild grace of natural curls .
I took a sheet of fine card-board , and drew a careful outline .
I promised myself the pleasure of colouring it ; and , as it was getting late then , I told her she must come and sit another day .
But if you wish me to love you , could you but see how much I _do_ love you , you would be proud and content .
What are you thinking about ? "
" Before replying to you , " he said , " I beseech you to pardon me .
I have just committed a wrong , sir .
You are at my house , you are my guest , I owe you courtesy .
You discuss my ideas , and it becomes me to confine myself to combating your arguments .
Your riches and your pleasures are advantages which I hold over you in the debate ; but good taste dictates that I shall not make use of them .
I promise you to make no use of them in the future . "
" I thank you , " said the Bishop .
" Let us return to the explanation which you have asked of me .
Where were we ?
What were you saying to me ? That ' 93 was inexorable ? "
" Inexorable ; yes , " said the Bishop .
" What think you of Marat clapping his hands at the guillotine ? "
Jean Valjean drew near to the old man , and said to him in a grave voice : --
" Father Fauchelevent , I saved your life . "
Save your life !
Monsieur le Maire , dispose of the old man ! "
A wonderful joy had transfigured this old man .
Shall we go into ecstasies over Russia ?
The passers-by of forty years ago halted to gaze at it , without a suspicion of the secrets which it hid in its fresh and verdant depths .
There was a stone bench in one corner , one or two mouldy statues , several lattices which had lost their nails with time , were rotting on the wall , and there were no walks nor turf ; but there was enough grass everywhere .
Gardening had taken its departure , and nature had returned .
Weeds abounded , which was a great piece of luck for a poor corner of land .
The festival of gilliflowers was something splendid .
The trees had bent over towards the nettles , the plant had sprung upward , the branch had inclined , that which crawls on the earth had gone in search of that which expands in the air , that which floats on the wind had bent over towards that which trails in the moss ; trunks , boughs , leaves , fibres , clusters , tendrils , shoots , spines , thorns , had mingled , crossed , married , confounded themselves in each other ; vegetation in a deep and close embrace , had celebrated and accomplished there , under the well-pleased eye of the Creator , in that enclosure three hundred feet square , the holy mystery of fraternity , symbol of the human fraternity .
The ventriloquist 's voice repeated his distich : --
When he saw that this wretched resource was becoming exhausted , he gave up his garden and allowed it to run to waste .
To follow to the slope is to arrive at the river .
" Can you change me a hundred-dollar bill ? " he demanded .
I reflected for some time , and then answered as if I had discovered a new idea , " I mean pretty well . "
" So you did .
If any question is depending in a State legislature respecting one of the counties , which demands a knowledge of local details , how is it acquired ?
What effect may be produced by this partial reform , must be left to further experience .
Estimating the negroes in the proportion of three fifths , it can scarcely be doubted that the population of the United States will by that time , if it does not already , amount to three millions .
And how far does this combination characterize the plan which has been reported by the convention ?
Would you say that knowledge is a faculty , or in what class would you place it ?
He will connect himself well if he can . "
" Ca n't you see your ideal in it ? " said Dorian bitterly .
It was better not to think of the past .
His countenance was a true picture of his soul .
His great hall , even , was hung with tapestry .
All the dogs of his farm-yards formed a pack of hounds at need ; his grooms were his huntsmen ; and the curate of the village was his grand almoner .
They called him " My Lord , " and laughed at all his stories .
Her daughter Cunegonde was seventeen years of age , fresh-coloured , comely , plump , and desirable .
The Baron 's son seemed to be in every respect worthy of his father .
The Preceptor Pangloss[1 ] was the oracle of the family , and little Candide heard his lessons with all the good faith of his age and character .
Pangloss was professor of metaphysico-theologico-cosmolo-nigology .
Observe , that the nose has been formed to bear spectacles--thus we have spectacles .
Legs are visibly designed for stockings--and we have stockings .
Pigs were made to be eaten--therefore we eat pork all the year round .
I say to my friend , Suppose we try who will get there first .
But she was a magnificent monument to the blessing of a want of imagination , and if she could see in our little charges nothing but their beauty and amiability , their happiness and cleverness , she had no direct communication with the sources of my trouble .
Could make out several words , but cannot now remember all .
If there were but ten of us we might pull him down as he lies .
" Where will you be ? "
Have I ? "
And what right had he to criticise him in that hasty and unguarded manner ?
" A-a-h ! Yes , I remember ....
" What do you mean by ' more honourable '? I do n't understand such expressions to describe human activity .
" What lies ! " he cried impudently , " why , how could you , standing by the window , see the note ?
How would you decide which of them was to die ? I ask you ? "
But what can I tell you ?
It was not long before the witch came striding up towards them , and said to the musician : ' Dear musician , may I pluck that beautiful flower for myself ? '
The time soon came , when the eldest brother thought that he would make haste to go to the princess , and say that he was the one who had set her free , and that he should have her for his wife , and the kingdom with her .
But wo n't you come to this other table ? " repeated Anna Pavlovna .
" Can something bad have happened to me ? "
If he is standing before Brunn ... "
" Now , what are you pestewing me for ? " cried Denisov , suddenly losing his temper .
" Oh , how can you sleep ?
" How can you know ?
" You 're not asleep ? "
" Yes , she 's fast enough , " replied Nicholas , and thought : " If only a full-grown hare would cross the field now I 'd show you what sort of borzoi she is , " and turning to his groom , he said he would give a ruble to anyone who found a hare .
When he comes , he 'll find you already know his sister and father and are liked by them .
I wish success to your mission , " and with his embroidered red mantle , his flowing feathers , and his glittering ornaments , he rejoined his suite who were respectfully awaiting him .
What could I have lost ?
Napoleon made ironic remarks during Fabvier 's account , as if he had not expected that matters could go otherwise in his absence .
" We do n't expect to get him home alive !
So you have abundance , then ?
Princess Mary suddenly said in a trembling voice , " would you like to see little Nicholas ?
One of the generals was reporting to him where the guns and prisoners had been captured .
It is a way I have of driving off the spleen and regulating the circulation .
This is my substitute for pistol and ball .
With a philosophical flourish Cato throws himself upon his sword ; I quietly take to the ship .
There is nothing surprising in this .
Right and left , the streets take you waterward .
Look at the crowds of water-gazers there .
Dost not think of murdering the officers when thou gettest to sea ? "
That captain was Ahab .
" Stern all ! "
" Who has made me a judge over them ? " was all he said , smilingly , to Alyosha .
" How can you presume to do such deeds ? " the monk asked suddenly , pointing solemnly and significantly at Lise .
If that 's all , you 've reassured me .
Shall we go over and have a look at it , eh ?
There are times and seasons even yet when I do n't feel that I 've made any great headway in learning to like Josie Pye !
" How could I tell you before I started ?
Will you do me that favour ? "
She stood and stared at him for a minute , looking both surprised and displeased , then walked on , saying sharply , " How do you know ? "
Did you do it on your own responsibility ? " asked Laurie , as he seated her in the hall chair and took off the rebellious boots , seeing how her hands shook .
" Now , dear , what are your own ?
" That is proof that he is sharp , " remarked the Lion .
' Well !
" Po ' little chap . "
There is himself , Earnshaw , Zillah , Joseph and I.  Which would you have ? '
But do you imagine that I shall leave Catherine to his _duty_ and _humanity_ ? and can you compare my feelings respecting Catherine to his ?
Next morning--bright and cheerful out of doors--stole softened in through the blinds of the silent room , and suffused the couch and its occupant with a mellow , tender glow .
The sole remaining question then is : Shall I marry him ?
Though not originally written for Americans , " Democracy in America " must always remain a work of engrossing and constantly increasing interest to citizens of the United States as the first philosophic and comprehensive view of our society , institutions , and destiny .
Even as she spoke I drew near to her , as if in terror , lest at that very moment the destroyer had been near to rob me of her .
Margaret , what comment can I make on the untimely extinction of this glorious spirit ?
What on earth do you mean ?
" Where could you wait for me ? " asked Miss Pross .